it's a long way to Cozumel man sorry us
to achieve damn okay doing a survey for
bathroom world we here again we're
taking a survey from bathroom world how
do you like the book I was so cool in
there you're gonna cheat I tell you I
mistake
so we're having fun yet
tequila that came free with the beer hey
in for a penny in for a pound you know
what I call that liquid panty remover
where's the salt lick your quickie room
what's up all right on delay I thought I
lost my sunglasses oh
gemstones free service area nothing like
free survey supriya yes and yes here's
the latest advance all the bad words if
we go with just some cargo a look like
that I like that
I'll tell you with the man
that's liquid language speaking island
I spent puppy and tongs of you talking
to me that on me
go bring me some see roaches that's not
what I'm here sir seven dollars is it
can I Drive I'll show you several
hundred others not a problem yeah you
got free beer baby I don't go not a bad
deal all right in tradition 99 bottles
of beer on the wall 99 bottles of beer
every one of those bottles should happen
to fall I can't do the bath anymore
madam I have our chances to Keylong
hundred shots of tequila on the ball how
much more jewelry okay take it down
yeah that's you all right oh you're too
small to ride that ride
this is a guy that's really going to eat
them
a Tuesday freaked out good it a bit
freaked out here is a pizza hut but no
Mickey D's no but you mean I don't
understand of it did you see a mickey
d's bed yeah it's like Edie's we show
him okay look II have another has a malc
do we can receive the glass with me
because this hasn't known most red round
cozumel town
but you can't touch him how big was that
Lobster to the lots I need a bigger
camera y de eighty-year-old lobster I've
guess it came with two pounds of butter
this is really me oh honey keep it well
I'm only two inches from the floor
you
I